{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Developed by Tony Smith\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Use ASCII to create glyphs for monochrome and bi-colour 8x8 LED matrix displays. \
\
Click 
\f0\b Grid to Values
\f1\b0  to retrieve hex column values to paste into your project code. You can choose whether the values are presented as a string or an array of hex bytes, according to the needs of your code. \
\
For an example, see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/smittytone/Weather"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/smittytone/Weather}}, which displays weather forecast icons generated using ASCII.\
\
Existing value sequences can be pasted into the value field \'97 click 
\f0\b Values to Grid
\f1\b0  to display their matrix pattern.\
\

\f0\b Fill
\f1\b0  fills the entire grid; 
\f0\b Clear
\f1\b0  erases it. 
\f0\b Inverse
\f1\b0  flips all the pixels, black to white (on to off) and white to black (off to on). 
\f0\b Rotate
\f1\b0  rotates the matrix 90 degrees clockwise. 
\f0\b Flip Horizontal
\f1\b0  and 
\f0\b Flip Vertical
\f1\b0  produce mirror images on the specified axis.\
\
The round row and column buttons can be click to set the entire row or column, or shift-clicked to clear the entire row or column.\
\
ASCII supports three-colour displays \'97\'a0technically, bi-colour LEDs. Flip the 
\f0\b Colour
\f1\b0  switch to enable colour then select one of the three ink colours.\
\
It is called ASCII because it was developed to create Ascii characters for a project using an 8x8 LED matrix.}